Hi everyone.
So we have seen how to filter the data based on some sort of comparison operator.
Now really combine this multiple companies and operator will combine those conditions with even hardly
one logical operator like high end and our operator.
And we'll see how we can filter the data into my dismal condition.
So we have already created multiple conditions in the last two videos so let's say one can this end
is something like sex is a mean.
So let's grab the data where the sex column is a male and all the age value will be greater than 50.
So they try only to recall where the sex column is made and is greater than 50.
So let's create a condition and really combine both of this condition with some sort of ending operator.
So let me just copy it.
So this is the first condition.
So I am just going to view the name like a con.
So it is equal to condition one and that one is lexicon to condition to sort of age 50.
OK so you created a condition.
Let me just display on one and 2.
So true and con.
OK.
Now let me just collapse this back.
Now we need to retract those data.
They bought of the condition so get satisfied.
So we are going to supply inside the F so first condition is like on 1.
So it will only require those that core business having a value male in a sex column and that is going
to.
And most of the condition meaning combined with and operator now and operator.
We already know as a programmer that if Mourdock of this condition got satisfy then lately they're going
to resign.
So let me just bring some fuel that goes on.
Let's the head held on to and let me bring on one head that is had made it is very useful when you're
actually working with the data analysis because every since now and then you hope to seat your data
and plus find out cause it will immediately give you now you can see only that Corbett is having a next
number three where only most of this value will be true.
Otherwise at least one false will do so it will be on this face and we can even first come by here also
with ending operation in corn.
Now let let me just create this brand and I will like Palmetto so it will just say can we first base
it.
OK so only record of it is having a third or index number clean it is having a value too.
So it will just recline only those so-called.
Now let me apply this both of the condition to get the date of any object and now you can see the total
recall only from our first fight or only Total Recall it has come like if you observe the result you
can see all are male only an eighty side greater than 50 only.
OK now let's say there is no hard condition that the present order data should be having a mean and
it should be having age greater than 50 instead of date either one of them got satisfied with me cookie.
So in that case me are to lose the order of operations so you're going to use the second one on two
and he'll be became like a pipe symbol.
Notice generally this pipe symbol will be available just near to your end turkey on your keyboard.
Now let me just executed.
So now you can see a lot of male only the old guard familia.
We got a female also but variable there is a female.
It has to be a greater than 50 only.
So I drove from one condition has to satisfy.
So either both of the conditions will get satisfied.
So in a first case we adjust the male condition got satisfied but age is less than 50.
In our second case also it's a mean less than 50.
What I would say equal to 50 but it's not a greater than 50.
In this particular case male and greater than 50.
So either one of them condition got satisfied and based on that it is required that is it.
So this way you can combine those kind of condition.
You can even come none none other condition Victor even under a complex statement let's say will create
another third one let's let let let me create.
Let me see first few records.
So we have all education also available so we can create a third condition let's say on the.
And Viola educations would be must be bachelors only.
So let's say let's skip the heart condition legal education
and let me just copy.
Ok so current condition or so we'll create it.
Now we can combine these multiple conditions together.
So let's say we want to get the result that data which is having a education must be a bachelor at least
must be a bachelor whether it is greater than 50 years of age if it is then it's also ok if it is not
then it's also ok.
So conditioned to got something like EMI deal so you can combine this on one and lexicon two and you
can deciding it so there's no yard requirement.
You can combine all those two conditions.
So now you can see either this condition got to satisfy or either this condition got to satisfy it has
let it out.
That is so conditioned please Laker the.
So now you can see wherever there is a bachelor it might happen that this condition one in condition
two got five songs.
OK so that is a lack of logic circuit related stuff that is based on your logic my my idea here is to
introduce that how you can filter that data up is done.
My given condition.